= Rack::If

Use or don't use rack apps based on a variety of environment variables.

== Use

gem install rackif

Example (in your config.ru):

  require 'rackif'
  use Rack::If, {:path => /\A\/protected.*/, :method => 'POST'}, {:match => :any} do
    use Rack::Auth::Basic, "Rack::If Example" do |username, password|
      'secret' == password
    end
  end
  
  run MyApp.new # when above matches, this is protected

== Basic Configuration

Rack::If, pattern, options

The third argument (options) is optional, will be merged with {:match => :all}.

With :all, all options must match for the block to get run. In the above example, the path would need to start with /protected AND the method would need to be POST. With :any, if ANY of the criteria match (either POST or the path), the block is run.

Patterns for matching available are: path, method, user_agent, host, port, query_string, http_accept, and http_accept_encoding.

Values given can be strings or regex (=== used for comparison).

== Names, Skiping

You can name a Rack::If ... it will store that name in env['rackif.passed'] when that Rack::If is triggered.
Then, use the :skipif option to skip certain Rack:Ifs when another Rack::If has already run.

Example:

  use Rack::If, {:path => /\A\/admin\/mega-admin.*/}, {:match => :any, :name => 'SuperAdmin'} do
    use EasyRackOpenID, :allowed_identifiers => ['http://example.com/mega-admin']
  end
  
  # If a person goes to /admin/mega-admin and passes that check, they skip this one:
  use Rack::If, {:path => /\A\/admin.*/}, {:match => :any, :skipif => 'SuperAdmin'} do
    use EasyRackOpenID, :allowed_identifiers => ['http://example.com/admin']
  end



== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Sam Schenkman-Moore. See LICENSE for details.
